Support german language (#3)
CubiclDev/coffee-break-slack-bot: README.md

You can find the id of a slack member in the profile information. Press `More` and copy the member id.
The format of the list has to be `["U1", "U2", ...]`.

### Terraform Variables

> If you like to use other values then the default values of the variables.
> then copy the `tfvars` file to `terraform.tfvars` and fill the variables.
> Variables:
> - `language`: ISO 639-1 language code for the language of the message. Supported are 'en' and 'de'. The default language is english.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to override default values of variables, copy the `terraform.tfvars.dist` file to `terraform.tfvars` and fill in values for the predefined variable names.

List of all variables:
- `language`: ISO 639-1 language code for the language of the message. Supported are 'en' and 'de'. The default language is english. Unsupported languages fall back to english as well.

```
